Add stacktrace into cudf exception types (#13298)
rapidsai/cudf: cpp/CMakeLists.txt

message(VERBOSE "CUDF: Build and statically link Arrow libraries: ${CUDF_USE_ARROW_STATIC}")
message(VERBOSE "CUDF: Build and enable S3 filesystem support for Arrow: ${CUDF_ENABLE_ARROW_S3}")
message(VERBOSE "CUDF: Build with per-thread default stream: ${CUDF_USE_PER_THREAD_DEFAULT_STREAM}")
message(
  VERBOSE

>   "CUDF: Replace the current optimization flags by the options '-rdynamic -Og -NDEBUG' (useful for debugging with stacktrace retrieval): ${CUDF_BUILD_STACKTRACE_DEBUG}"

Author: ```suggestion
  "CUDF: Replace the current optimization flags by the options '-rdynamic -Og' (useful for debugging with stacktrace retrieval): ${CUDF_BUILD_STACKTRACE_DEBUG}"
```

)
message(
  VERBOSE
  "CUDF: Disable warnings generated from deprecated declarations: ${DISABLE_DEPRECATION_WARNINGS}"
)
message(
  VERBOSE

>   "CUDF: Enable the -lineinfo option for nvcc (useful for cuda-memcheck / profiler: ${CUDA_ENABLE_LINEINFO})"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "CUDF: Enable the -lineinfo option for nvcc (useful for cuda-memcheck / profiler): ${CUDA_ENABLE_LINEINFO}"
```
